hey what's happening gamers it's April
9th 2013
time for your Nintendo news today I've
been saying it for some time but a lot
of you haven't believed me but batman
arkham origins will release this fall
for the wii u ps3 pc and xbox 360 but
it's not developed by Rocksteady Studios
in fact the game is being handled by
WB's Montreal Studios the same guys that
gave us the laggy armored Edition ports
still Game Informer had the scoop and
they revealed info about the next Batman
game and said this is the first Arkham
game to be an open-world Gotham City but
it isn't a Batman origin story the game
is set during Christmas Eve and will
have Batman facing off against eight
deadly assassins such as Deathstroke yes
Slade will be in the game it will also
feature a much younger less experienced
Batman think Batman year one Batman
Begins in that WB the Batman show at
this time no word on if the Joker or the
Justice League will appear or not though
him really show up in Batman's first
year of crime-fighting anyway alongside
the Wii U game Batman will be coming to
the Nintendo 3ds with a 2.5 D Metroid
style inspired game called Batman Arkham
origins Blackgate which will take place
after the main story of origins think of
it kind of like Castlevania mirror fate
for the three yes currently not much is
known about the 3ds game or how it will
play out so I'll need to do more digging
to find out and don't worry I will
batman arkham origins will be at e3 and
releases this october for all the
system's mentioned above including the
PS vita
i'm sure you can tell by my voice but i
am super excited for these games year of
luigi nintendo this is easily becoming
the year of the bat especially if the
Young Justice legacy game releases this
fall as planned anyway in the comments
section below
how do you feel about batman arkham
origins being official now told you do
you think it's too soon and WB is
pulling a Ubisoft ala Assassin's Creed
or do you think the game will actually
be good let me know in the comments
section below
and as we close today Warner Brothers
has given an official release date for
Lego Batman 2 for the Wii U and that's
May 21st here in the States
the game will feature off TV play and an
enhanced map which is actually good
because that was one of my major
complaints of the original ps3 game at
this time no word on if any DLC such as
the hero villain packs or if the Wii U
version will bring anything new to the
table which I doubt
well it seems Batman has taken over K
news today hopefully I didn't drive you
all batty reminder we are doing a full
lego city undercover series on our LP
channel daily link to the playlist is in
the description also I will have an
extended thoughts video of Arkham
origins sometime tonight or tomorrow
have an awesome day gamers end until we
meet again god bless and happy gaming
thanks so much for watching and I'll see
you later K fans
you